this episode is sponsored by google play
with the help of the battle cats
[Music]
from the studio who's so cheap they
won't even pay off critics like Marvel
clearly does and the director is
single-handedly keeping Vera relevant
comes the most incredible alternate
version of a film since Colin Trevorrow
Star Wars Jodorowsky's dune and the
butthole cut of cats combined Justice
League the Snyder cart audiences were
ready for JL to be the big payoff to
Zack Snyder's DC trilogy but when it
wasn't great fans knew the version they
saw was the watered and result of a vast
conspiracy and demanded Warner Brothers
released the Snyder cut with a barrage
of petitions airplanes Times Square
billboards and a hashtag so powerful not
even the dead were saved a thread now
this righteous crusade has borne fruit
in a cut that doesn't just make Justice
League into a good movie it transforms
it into the best movie ever made and yes
that includes sucker punch settling for
a film that fixes every plot hole in the
theatrical release by having all of the
possible plots at once adding in a young
Dark Side origin story a B story where
cyborg travels to our past to change the
future and extended role for Jesse
Eisenberg's Lex Luthor another batfleck
Crossfit scene in fact everyone gets
across the scene
[Music]
what what also featuring the restoration
of Wonder Woman's original mustache
black suit Superman black steel Superman
a heartfelt apology from the cast of
Ghostbusters 2016 and Alfred reading his
favorite parts of Atlas Shrugged to the
team over there communicators know if he
demands it is as writers a duty that you
owe him yes if it's your own free choice
based on your judgement of the value of
that person in his struggle whoa this
country wasn't built by men who sought
handouts in it's brilliant youth this
country showed the rest of the world
what greatness was this goes on for
twenty more minutes
all resulting in a film that ends up
longer than Titanic but is so definitive
it shuts the door on comic book movies
forever
sorry Disney that's a Ravenel genre
we're done here
go back to making Kurt Russell talk
robot Applejack Pompeii Palace thrill as
Joss Whedon's trademark whipsey dialogue
is sent to Hell where it belongs as the
cast returns to make sure all their
lines match the original tow ride ain't
over yet I'm sorry and instead that
cutesy footrace ending straight out of
an Avengers movie it ends with the Joker
killing Lois Lane and blowing up all of
Metropolis so Superman like goes nuts
and then burns a hole through Sam's head
and oh wait about getting the DC EU
mixed up with the injustice came again
doesn't matter still sick so surrender
your body mind and soul to a film that's
taken on mythic proportions that exceeds
your wildest imagination and showed an
entire generation that you could gang
tweet your dreams into existence or this
is all been the ploy to boost signups
for HBO max crap we've been duped again
haven't we can anyone remove a Schneider
cut tattoo from a lower back asking for
a friend
starring the original cast of Justice
League Plus Lobo Damian Wayne Booster
Gold Hawkman Catwoman cat man Krypto
Raven Martian Manhunter dr. Manhattan
and Green Lantern come on give the guy
another shot hashtag the movie well this
was a funny April Fool's joke but
seriously finish the Snyder cut and put
it out so we can move on to demanding
the del Toro cut of The Hobbit the
finished cut of Suicide Squad and the
anyone else cut of Game of Thrones
season 8 this episode is sponsored by
google play get the battle cats and
discover more on Google Play now my
disappointment is immeasurable and my
day is ruined do I look like a real boy
papa this is the first time in human
history we can save lives by sitting at
home doing nothing let's not screw this
up